dear fellow scholars this is two minute
papers with dr. Khurana affair it is
important for you to know that everybody
can make deep fakes now you can turn
your head around mouth movements are
looking great and I movements are also
translated into the target footage and
of course as we always say to more
papers down the line and it will be even
better and cheaper than us
as you see some papers are so well done
and are so clear that they just speak
for themselves this is one of them to
use this technique all you need to do is
record a video of yourself add just one
image of the target subject run this
learning based algorithm and there you
go
if you stay until the end of this video
you will see even more people
introducing themselves as me as noted
many important gestures are being
translated such as head mouth and eye
movement but what's even better is that
even full body movement works
absolutely incredible now there are
plenty of techniques out there that can
create defects many of which we have
talked about in this series so what sets
this one apart
well one most previous algorithms
required additional information for
instance facial landmarks or the pose
estimation of the target subject this
one requires no knowledge of the image
as a result this technique becomes so
much more general we can create high
quality defects with just one photo of
the target subject make ourselves dance
like a professional
and what's more hold on to your papers
because it also works on nonhumanoid and
cartoon models and even that's not all
we can even synthesize an animation of a
robot arm by using another one as a
driving sequence
so why is it that it doesn't need all
this additional information well if we
look under the hood we see that it is a
neural network based method that
generates all this information by itself
it identifies what kind of movements and
transformations are taking place in our
driving video you can see that the
learned key points here follow the
motion of the videos really well
pack up all this information and send it
over to the generator to warp the target
image appropriately taking into
consideration possible occlusions that
may occur this means that some parts of
the image may now be uncovered where we
don't know what the background should
look like normally we will do this by
hand with an image in painting technique
for instance you see the legendary patch
match algorithm here that does it
however in this case the neural network
does it automatically by itself if you
are seeking for flaws in the output
these will be important regions to look
at and it not only requires less
information than previous techniques but
it also outperforms them significantly
yes there is still room to improve this
for instance the sudden head rotation
here seems to generate an excessive
amount of visual artifacts the source
code and even an example colab notebook
is available I think it is one of the
most accessible papers in this area
don't miss out and make sure to have a
look in the video description and try to
run your own experiments let me know in
the comments how they went or feel free
to drop by at our discourse server where
all of you fellow scholars are welcome
to discuss ideas and learn together in a
kind and respectful environment the link
is available in the video description it
is completely free and if you have
joined make sure to leave a short
introduction now of course beyond the
many amazing use cases of this in
reviving deceased actors creating
beautiful visual art redoubling movies
and more unfortunately there are people
around the world who are rubbing their
palms together in excitement to use this
to their advantage so you may ask why
make these videos on deep fix why spread
this knowledge especially now with the
source codes well I think step number
one is to make sure to inform the public
that these defects can now be created
quickly and inexpensively and they don't
require the trained scientist anymore if
this can be done it is of utmost
importance that we all know about it
then beyond that step number two as a
service to the public I attend to EU and
NATO conferences and inform key
political and military decision-makers
about the existence and details of these
techniques to make sure that they also
know about these and using that
knowledge they can make better decisions
for us you see me doing it here and
again you see this technique in action
here to demonstrate that it works really
well for video footage in the world note
that these talks and consultations all
happen free of charge and if they keep
inviting me
I'll keep showing up to help with this
in the future as a service to the public
the cool thing is that later over dinner
they tend to come back to me with a
summary of their understanding of the
situation and I highly appreciate the
fact that they are open to what we
scientists have to say
now please enjoy the promised footage
dear fellow scholars this is two minute
papers with dr. Khurana affair it is
important for you to know that everybody
can make deep fakes now you can turn
your head around mouth movements are
looking great and I movements are also
translated into the target footage and
of course as we always say two more
papers down the line and it will be even
better and cheaper than us this episode
has been supported by weights and biases
here they show you how you can use
sweeps their tool to search through high
dimensional parameter spaces and find
the best performing model weights and
biases provides tools to track your
experiments in your deep learning
projects their system is designed to
save you a ton of time and money and it
is actively used in projects at
prestigious labs such as open AI Toyota
research github and more and the best
part is that if you are an academic or
have an open-source project you can use
their tools for free it really is as
good as it gets
make sure to visit them through w mb
comm slash papers or just click the link
in the video description and you can get
a free demo today
our thanks to weights and biases for
their long-standing support and for
helping us make better videos for you
thanks for watching and for your
generous support and I'll see you next
time